README.md, before:

<table><tr><td>
<a href="https://tsdoc.org"><img src="https://tsdoc.org/images/tsdoc-open.svg" width="300px" /></a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://tsdoc.org/">https://tsdoc.org/</a></p>
</td></tr></table>

[![#tsdoc chat room](https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://rushstack.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/266672-tsdoc) &nbsp; [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/RushStack/Gearbox%20GitHub%20Projects/_apis/build/status/tsdoc/TSDoc%20CI%20Build?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/RushStack/Gearbox%20GitHub%20Projects/_build/latest?definitionId=5&branchName=master)


## Documentation Links

- [What is TSDoc?](https://tsdoc.org/) - project overview and roadmap
- [Zulip chat room](https://rushstack.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/266672-tsdoc) - live help from other developers
- [TSDoc tag reference](https://tsdoc.org/pages/tags/alpha/) - learn about syntax elements such as `@param`, `@remarks`, etc.
- [TSDoc Playground](https://tsdoc.org/play) - interactive demo of the parser engine


## Projects in this monorepo

| Folder | Version | Changelog | Description |
| ------ | ------- | --------- | ------- |
| [/api-demo](./api-demo/) |  |  | Code samples illustrating how to use the **@microosft/tsdoc** parser |
| [/eslint-plugin](./eslint-plugin/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/eslint-plugin-tdoc.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/eslint-plugin-tsdoc) | [changelog](./eslint-plugin/CHANGELOG.md) | [eslint-plugin-tsdoc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-tsdoc) |
| [/playground](./playground/) |  |  | Source code for the [TSDoc Playground](https://tsdoc.org/play) web app |
| [/tsdoc](./tsdoc/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc) | [changelog](./tsdoc/CHANGELOG.md) | [@microsoft/tsdoc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/tsdoc) package |
| [/tsdoc-config](./tsdoc/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc-config.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc-config) | [changelog](./tsdoc-config/CHANGELOG.md) | [@microsoft/tsdoc-config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/tsdoc-config) package |


##  Contributor Notice

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Delete Contributing.md since that content has been moved to the website

README.md, after:

<table><tr><td>
<a href="https://tsdoc.org"><img src="https://tsdoc.org/images/tsdoc-open.svg" width="300px" /></a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://tsdoc.org/">https://tsdoc.org/</a></p>
</td></tr></table>

[![#tsdoc chat room](https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://rushstack.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/266672-tsdoc) &nbsp; [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/RushStack/Gearbox%20GitHub%20Projects/_apis/build/status/tsdoc/TSDoc%20CI%20Build?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/RushStack/Gearbox%20GitHub%20Projects/_build/latest?definitionId=5&branchName=master)


## Documentation Links

- [What is TSDoc?](https://tsdoc.org/) - project overview and roadmap
- [Zulip chat room](https://rushstack.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/266672-tsdoc) - live help from other developers
- [TSDoc tag reference](https://tsdoc.org/pages/tags/alpha/) - learn about syntax elements such as `@param`, `@remarks`, etc.
- [TSDoc Playground](https://tsdoc.org/play) - interactive demo of the parser engine
- [Contributing: Building the projects](https://tsdoc.org/pages/contributing/building/) - how to build and debug the projects in this repo
- [Contributing: Submitting a PR](https://tsdoc.org/pages/contributing/building/) - instructions for making a pull request


## Projects in this monorepo

| Folder | Version | Changelog | Description |
| ------ | ------- | --------- | ------- |
| [/api-demo](./api-demo/) |  |  | Code samples illustrating how to use the **@microosft/tsdoc** parser |
| [/eslint-plugin](./eslint-plugin/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/eslint-plugin-tdoc.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/eslint-plugin-tsdoc) | [changelog](./eslint-plugin/CHANGELOG.md) | [eslint-plugin-tsdoc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-tsdoc) |
| [/playground](./playground/) |  |  | Source code for the [TSDoc Playground](https://tsdoc.org/play) web app |
| [/tsdoc](./tsdoc/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc) | [changelog](./tsdoc/CHANGELOG.md) | [@microsoft/tsdoc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/tsdoc) package |
| [/tsdoc-config](./tsdoc/) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc-config.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ftsdoc-config) | [changelog](./tsdoc-config/CHANGELOG.md) | [@microsoft/tsdoc-config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/tsdoc-config) package |


##  Contributor Notice

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
